Dad, I'm fine.
Just a little dizzy
It's just hypoglycemia
Come and eat a white rabbit
Jade pendant This is the family heirloom jade pendant of my Ye family
He is my son like smoke
I finally found him.
Where did you get this jade pendant from?
Where are your parents?
Are you from Nanjing?
Are you all right?
you
Sit down
Have you seen today's news?
Night market group invests 100 billion to develop southern Xinjiang
The first object of cooperation is the service group
Not just because
Miss Chen Ruoxi's outstanding business skills
Also because of the business of the group
It covers the public good.
Helping lost children find their families
Mr. Qin, are you saying that this cooperation is related to this?
Yes, Ye's eldest son was lost for several years
At present, it is confirmed that the person is in the southern suburbs
The chairperson's visit
It is to let the eldest son inherit a trillion family businesses
Great, this is a great opportunity
If you can find the heir to the trillion-dollar group
Then wouldn't my Chu family have taken off?
I hope you can test the group.
As long as you perform well
The chairperson will attend the signing ceremony in person
You mean the university capital will also come?
Yes, he's downstairs.
How come?
Ye Tianci is still the same
Go down and pick someone up
May I ask why others did the suffering adults?